Hardware options jw (#124)
bluerobotics/ardusub-gitbook: introduction/hardware-options/required-hardware/autopilot.md

# Autopilot

In the ArduSub control system, the autopilot board (also known as a flight controller) is the component which the ArduSub firmware is loaded onto. The autopilot processes the pilot input and sensor data, and controls the motors, lights, servos, and relays on the vehicle.

Although there are many different autopilot boards available, here are the general characteristics:
* Ability to load any ArduPilot binary firmware file (Copter, Plane, Rover/Boat, Sub)
* Contains input and output connections for connecting multiple peripherals

> * Contains embedded IMU(s), magentic compass(es) and gyrocompass(es) to determine vehicle's orientation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contains embedded IMU(s), magnetic compass(es) and gyroscope(s) to determine vehicle's orientation
```
not sure about the gyroscope, but this is the first time I read "gyrocompass"
